------------------------------ Inheritance Notes -------------------------

Pre requirments
1] class
2] variables
3] functions
4] constructors
5] objects

Inheritance is a kind of relation between classes.
Inheritance is also called as Is-A relation.

Defination
Inheritance is a process of aquaring/passing/sending properties from one class to another class. 

example 
                     Inheriting 
Father   <--------------------------------  Daughter                                
property  -> Red hair                       property  -> Red hair
behaviour -> Walking Style                  behaviour -> Walking Style

class Father{
	
	String hairColor = "Red";
    
    public void walkingStyle(){
      
       System.out.println("Walks cross");
    }
}

class Daughter extends Father{
	
	String eyeColor = "blue";

	public void studyPattern(){
         
         System.out.println("Studies fast");
    }

}

-> Inheritance is achieved with the help of keyword called  -->extends<---.

-> The class from which the properties are inherited from are called as Parent/Super/Base class.

-> The class to which the properties are inherited to is called as child/Sub/Derives class.


-> Properties cannot be inherited from sub class to super class.

-> Using Superclass object we can only access superclass properties.

-> Using the subclass object we can access both superclass and subclass properties.

-> Constructors from super class cannot be inherited to sub class.

-> class declared with final keyword cannot be exteneded.

-> class members declared with final keyword can be inherited. 

-> class members which are declared with private keyword cannot be inherited.

