----------------------- Polymorphism Notes --------------------------------------
​
Defination
​
It is a process in which one entity showing different/multiple behaviours at different instance/time is called as polymorphism.
​
There are 2 types of polymorphisms which are based on the time of occurence.
the occurences are 
a] compile time
b] run     time
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1] Compile time polymorphism
​
Defination
It is process of binding the method declration to the method defination by the compiler at compile time based on the arguments passed is called compile time polymorphism.
​
Method overloading and constructor overloading are the best examples for compile time polymorphism.
​
Compile time polymorphism is also called as early binding because binding before runtime.
​
Compile time polymorphism is also called as static binding because the binding is done at the compile which cannot be changed at the runtime.
​
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2]  Run time polymorphism
​
Defination
It is a process of binding the method declration to method defination bt JVM at runtime based on the object is called as runtime polymorphism.
​
Method overriding is the best example forruntime polymorphism.
​
Steps to be followed to achieve run time polymorphism.
1] Inheritance
2] Method overriding
3] Upcating
​
Using the upcasted reference if we access the super class overriden function we get subclass overriden function's implementation insted of superclass function's implementation.
​
Run time polymorphism is also called as dynamic binding because the binding done by rhe compiler at compile time is changed by JVM at runtime.
​
Run time polymorphism is also called as late binding because the binding is done after compile time.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​
​