-------------------------- Access Specifiers Notes --------------------------------------


-> Definition <-
 Access specifiers are the keywords which define the accessability of the entities in java.
                                            or
 Access specifiers are used to decide the visiblility of entities in the program .

 There are four types of access specifiers

 Access           ->  keyword
 specifier                                             

 public                public
 protected             protected
 package level         no-keyword
 private               private

Access specifiers can be used with classes,abstract classes,interfaces,functions,constructores and data members etc...

 1] Public 
 public access specifier provides maximum visiblility.
 Entities which are declared with public access specifier can be accessed from any class present in any package.

 2] protected
 protected access specifier provides less visibility compared to public.
 Entities which are declaredwit protected access secifier can be accessed from any class present in same package but only by using subclass object present in different package.

 3] package-level
 package-level access specifier provides less visibility compared to protected.
 Entities which are declared with any access specifier(pkg-lvl) can be accessed from any class present in same package but not from any class present in other packages.

 4] private 
 privte access specifier provides minimum visibility.
 Entities which are declared with private access specifier can be accessed only with the same class.


______________________________________________________________________________________
   Entity/access-specifier      public        protected      pkg-lvl       private 

   sameclass                    yes           yes            yes           yes  
   same pkg
   (Alpha class)

   non-sub class                yes           yes            yes           no 
   same pkg                                                                           
   (Bravo class)
 
   sub-class                    yes           yes            yes           no
   same pkg
   (Charlie class)

   non-sub class                yes           no             no            no 
   diff pkg
   (Delta class)

   sub-class                    yes           yes            no            no
   diff pkg                               (subclass obj)
   (Fica class)
   ____________________________________________________________________________________
  