---------------------------- Constructors -------------------------------

Definaion
-> A constructor is a kind of a function which has same name as the class.

Creation

->Synatx
|-----------Constructor declaration-----------|
|Access       ConstuctorName  (arguments List)|    
|Specifier    (Class Name)                    |
-----------------------------------------------
{
                                             Constructor
  codes;                                 Body/Scope/Definition
  return;
}
-----------------------------------------------

-> Constructors cannot be accessed alone.They can only be called when an object for that class is created.
-> Constructors can be executed multiple time by creating multiple objects.
-> Constructors cannot return a value.However return statement is mandatory for a constructor body.But for the programmer it is optional.
If the programmer ignores to write a return statement then the compiler at compile time writes it implecitly.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Types of constructors

Constructors are of two types

1] Comiler defined constructor.[default constructor]
2] Programmer defined constructor.

-> Every class must and should have a Constructor. <-

If the programmer doesnot write a constructor the the compiler writes a default constructor at the compile time. 

1] Comiler defined constructor.[default constructor]
Compiler at compile writes an plain contructor with zero arguments and public as the access specifier.

Synatx:
public className(){
   	  return;
   }

note:- If the programmer writes a constructor implicitly then the compiler will never write a constructor explecitly.

2] Programmer defined constructor.
If a programmer writes a constructor before comile time then it is called programmer defined constructor.

This programmer defined constructor is of two types
a] zero parameterized[argumrnt] contructor.
b] paramererized[argumented] contructor.

a] zero parameterized[argumrnt] contructor.
If a programmer creates a constructor without any input parameters or arguments then it is called zero parameterized[arguments] constructor.

Synatx:
public className(){
      codes of lines;
   	  return;
   }
note:- refer program Con1.java

b] paramererized[argumented] contructor.
If a programmer creates a constructor with inputt arguments pr parameters  then it is called parameterized[argumented] constructor.

Synatx:
public className(datatype formal param1[arg1], datatype formal para2[arg2]....etc ){
      codes of lines;
   	  return;
   }

Constructor call statement
Syntax:
new className(actual param1[arg1], actual para2[arg2]....etc ) 

rules to tansfer data from the constructor call statemnt to the constructor.

1] Number of Actual params[args] should match with formal params[args].
2] Order of Actual params[args] should match with formal params[args].
3] DataType of Actual params[args] should match with formal params[args].

note:- refer program Con2.java

->Compiler can create only zero argument empty body constructor.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Differences between Comiler defined constructor and Programmer defined Zero argument constructor

        C.D.C                                     
                                     
 1] This constructor is written by the compiler at compile time.        
                                     
 2] The access specifier is always public.                                    
  
 3] This constructor body only contains return statement.                                     
                                     
        P.D.Z.A.C                                    
        
 1] This constructor is written by the programmer before compile time.

 2] The access specifier can be decided by the programmer.

 3] Programmer can write any code inside the constructor body. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
                    Application of a constructor

Constructors have many applications one among them is stated below.

-> Constructors can be used to initialize the data members of a class.
note:-
refer programs Con4.java and Con5.java                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           this keyword

Defination 
-> this keyword is special type of reference variable which will alwayas point towards the active inctence[object] of the class.

note:- refer program thiskeyword1.java
-------------------------------------------------------
                       Application of this keyword

-> this keyword helps to distinguish the global variables from local variable when both the global and local variables have same names.

note:- this keyword can be used to point an object within it's own class.
                                     
------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Constructor OverLoading

Creating multiple constructors which differ in 
1] number of arguments or
2] type of arguments   or
3] Order of argument  

Advantage 
-> It provides multiple options to create an object for the class.

Disadvantage
-> You need to maintain a documentaion for each constructor



                                       