-----------------------String notes-----------------

->Disadvantages of char variable
1] char variable can store only one character at a time.
2] size of the code become huge as the the number of characters needed to 
be stores increases which makes it difficult t o handle.
3] characters can be stored indivisualy but not in the form of a word
or sentance.
String defination
-> A string is a group of characters which are held in double qoutes.
->syntax to create a string
 String varName = "value";
*value can numbers,alphabets or any special characters.
->A string var can store any number characters at a time.
There are some built-in functions offered by String.
1->char charAt(int index)
This function is used to retrive a character from a perticular index.
-> Note
1]JVM throws java.lang.StringIndexOutOfBoundsException when we provide an 
index value beyond the size of the String.
2]JVM throws java.lang.StringIndexOutOfBoundsException when we provide an 
index value negative.
2->int length()
This function is used to find the number of characters present in a String. 
3->boolean equals(String s)
This function is used to compare two string values by comparing their unicode of
indivisual characters.
4->boolean equalsIgnoreCase(String s)
This function is used to compare two string values by comparing their unicode of
indivisual characters by ignoring the case.
5->char[] toCharArray()
This function is used to convert the given STring into an array of characters.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
String data transfer from called function to calling function.
syntax 
->return statement
return String value/variable reference;
-> called function declration
a.s a.m String function/method name(a.l){
}
String data transfer from calling function to called function.
syntax
->method call statement
functionName(String value/variable reference);
->called function declration
a.s a.m r.t functionName(String s){
}
-----------------------------------------------------------------
                        

Defination
-> It is a process of joining one String with another String value or with an primitive value.  

                   Concatenation operator[+][binary operator]
Defination
-> It is an operation which is used to perform concatenation of two strings or a string with a primitive value. 

i/p required for Concatenation
String + string
String + primitive value
primitive value + String

o/p fetched from Concatenation
String