---------------------------------- Blocks Notes --------------------------------------

Defination 
A block is a set of codes or instructions or statements which are enclosed within a pair of curly braces.

-> Blocks can be associated with entities like functions,classes,constructors etc.
-> Blocks can also exist independently.

-> Independent Blocks a.k.a Blocks


-> Blocks are majorly divided into 2 types

1] static     blocks
2] non-static blocks

1] static block
Any block which is decclred using the keyword static is known as a static block.

syntax

static{
	
	codes;
	instructions;
}

-> we cannot name static blocks,hence we cannot call it.
-> We can get the static block executed when .class file is loaded into the jvm memory.
   we can load the .class file either by accessing a static member of that class or by creating the object for that class.
refer program sb1.java

-> static block will be executed imediatley after the .class file is loaded into jvm memory.
refer program sb2.java

-> static blocks cannot be written inside a function.

-> static blocks can be executed only once because the .class file can be loaded only once into jvm memory.

 

                         -> Application of satatic blocks <-   

1] static blocks can be used to execute any mandatory statements as soon as the class is loaded into jvm memory.

2] static blocks can be used to initialize the data members of a class. Hence the static blocks are aslo called as STATIC INITIALIZER BLOCKS [S.I.B].
-> refer program sb3.java 

                              -> NOTE <-
                              
-> We can access a static data member / function from a S.I.B directly.
-> We can access a non-static data member / function from a S.I.B by creating an object.
